README.md, before:

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker](https://badges.gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker.svg)](https://gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

#Trinity Locker
An upcoming lock-screen app that allows for various customizations, utilizes the modern Material design, and is light on resources.

##Key Features
 -  Ability to detect if the home button is being pressed (which makes the phone access to the launcher, we don't want that) and quickly intercept the action and return back to the locker
 - App widgets and custom widgets like images, text, sprites, etc
 - LED/Vibration/Notification settings for apps
 - Change speed of animations (Like Nova Launcher does), also be able to choose different types of animations for the lock-screen
 - Customize theme of the app (Dark Material and Light Material)
 - Different lock 'profiles' that show whenever the conditions configured are met, similar to C Locker (like Bluetooth connections, music playing, WiFi, SmartLock conditions ,etc)
 - Allows the user to use one of the several different unlock styles, like Fingerprint (Thanks to Android 6.0.1), Pattern, Pin, Slide-To-Unlock, and Gestures
 - Ability to be used in Tasker to create tasks that can, for example, check for launched apps**
 - Integrated voice assistants like Google Now/Google Assistant, S Voice, and such others
 - Ability to do functions like override the system settings and bypass system lock via root**
** = Features that may be removed before final release

##Need Help?
If you notice any bugs in the app,please be sure to create an [issue](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/issues) on the repository or email me

##Contribution
Since I am a solo developer, I will highly appreciate contributions from the community, rather they are big or small! Be warned though, contributions will be looked at, discussed and tested!
To contribute, please fork this repository and contribute back using [pull requests](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/pulls). Also, be sure to read the [Code Style Rules](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/wiki/TL-Code-Style-Rules) before making any changes

##Translation
Want to help translate the app? Go right on ahead, I don't mind it! But be sure to take a look at the [Google Developers](https://developer.android.com/training/basics/supporting-devices/languages.html) website on how to add translations to the project and upload the changes to Github

##Communication
Currently, I can be contacted through the [email me at the displayed email on my profile page](https://github.com/NovaViper). 

##License
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added Credit and other licenses

README.md, after:

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker](https://badges.gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker.svg)](https://gitter.im/NovaViper/TrinityLocker?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

#Trinity Locker
An upcoming lock-screen app that allows for various customizations, utilizes the modern Material design, and is light on resources.

##Key Features
 -  Ability to detect if the home button is being pressed (which makes the phone access to the launcher, we don't want that) and quickly intercept the action and return back to the locker
 - App widgets and custom widgets like images, text, sprites, etc
 - LED/Vibration/Notification settings for apps
 - Change speed of animations (Like Nova Launcher does), also be able to choose different types of animations for the lock-screen
 - Customize theme of the app (Dark Material and Light Material)
 - Different lock 'profiles' that show whenever the conditions configured are met, similar to C Locker (like Bluetooth connections, music playing, WiFi, SmartLock conditions ,etc)
 - Allows the user to use one of the several different unlock styles, like Fingerprint (Thanks to Android 6.0.1), Pattern, Pin, Slide-To-Unlock, and Gestures
 - Ability to be used in Tasker to create tasks that can, for example, check for launched apps**
 - Integrated voice assistants like Google Now/Google Assistant, S Voice, and such others
 - Ability to do functions like override the system settings and bypass system lock via root**
** = Features that may be removed before final release

##Need Help?
If you notice any bugs in the app,please be sure to create an [issue](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/issues) on the repository or email me

##Contribution
Since I am a solo developer, I will highly appreciate contributions from the community, rather they are big or small! Be warned though, contributions will be looked at, discussed and tested!
To contribute, please fork this repository and contribute back using [pull requests](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/pulls). Also, be sure to read the [Code Style Rules](https://github.com/NovaViper/TrinityLocker/wiki/TL-Code-Style-Rules) before making any changes

##Translation
Want to help translate the app? Go right on ahead, I don't mind it! But be sure to take a look at the [Google Developers](https://developer.android.com/training/basics/supporting-devices/languages.html) website on how to add translations to the project and upload the changes to Github

##Communication
Currently, I can be contacted through the [email me at the displayed email on my profile page](https://github.com/NovaViper). 

##Credits and License
###Project Licenses
Trinity Locker would not be made possible without the following open-sourced projects. Many thanks to them all!

[MaterialDrawer] by mikepenz(https://github.com/mikepenz/MaterialDrawer#license)

[AppIntro License] by apl-devs(https://github.com/apl-devs/AppIntro/blob/master/LICENSE)


###Trinity Locker License

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
